# Creating app and installing basic dependencies - for improvement as in progress.

**To create the app run in cli in the application folder such a command**

_vue create ._

**The basic vue application starts to build and when is constructed run the cli command**

_npm run serve_

When the server starts we can hold the ctrl-button + mouse click - to open the application in a webbrowser.

### For the beginning is good to install eslint vue plugin.

**To do that we need to type being in our app main folder the command in cli:**

_vue add @vue/cli-plugin-eslint_

**Eslilnt configuration**

1. Create in main folder the file:
_.eslintrc.js_
2. From the url copy and paste the basic .eslintrc.js content whi ch describes the information about eslint rules you would like to use:
_https://eslint.vuejs.org/user-guide/#installation_

3. Now we can easily change the eslint rules by disabling these one which we do not want to use by improving our .eslintrc.js file.

4. To use the eslint automatic fixing some errors it is enough to type in our terminal cli from the place/folder our application exists the command:

_npm run lint_

### Preparing the defined application to working on it:

To start working with the application in vue from the beginning - when we are using the creator we need to delete the defined template of our app and than we can start to work with it from the begining.

**The elements we do not need on the beginning:**
1. Defined component - we can delete from the folder components - in our app src folder The HelloWorld.vue component.
2. Remove the assets which we do not need.
3. Remove the template from the App.vue  main component - leaving only the div with app id or we can change the name of app in here as we want to.
4. From scripts in App.vue we can remove the import of HelloWorld.vue rom components as well as the same component from components.
5. The styles which considers whole the application and are globally in here we can freely  change.

### Adding the possibility of using scss to the Vue.js application.

**We can also add the scss package to our application typing the command**

_npm install sass-loader node-sass style-loader --save-dev_

**In our terminal in the app folder.**